Were you representing an institution, a spirit,
or anything as you were marching down the street?
Now,
of the four places, Which one did you enjoy most,
the four core trip?
Now, you marched down Main Street in Houston,
Congress in Austin, and in Dallas, was it Elm or
Main? Or do you remember?
I'm assuming it was. I think it was commerce. Oh,
really? Oh, okay. Didn't commerce one way that
way? It's a bigger group. Well, it parallels.
Yeah, it parallels the other two. Okay. I hadn't
thought about that. Commerce. And all three were
busy.
I
think that's commerce, yeah. I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, Baker. I think the Baker was on that side and
the office on this side. I hadn't thought of that. I
apologize. Thank you. Do you have any special
football game memories?
I don't know. I'm not sure. I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. Where was that day?
And
what did you freshmen do to celebrate?
.
I remember like one, we had won one last year. We won
one game. And we beat Georgia. That's the only
game we won.
Okay,
we're getting now near the end of the serious ones.
Final review and what did that, what were, what was
it, where was it, what did it mean to you
emotionally? Final review.
I
know you might want to review the previous year.
The year that you go around the first time you've
seen it, and the next time you go in and see it.
That's actually the greatest thing you want to do.
Also, the other thing I would say is take a look at
the program.
So,
I really just can't watch them. I can't watch them.
What
did you get for
the
boots? Were the boots new to you or had you
bought them? As
you're
preparing to leave the campus, what kind of a world
did you think you were going into? Whatever it was,
I thought I could come. I thought I was a failure. I
thought I was a problem. That's what pulled me in.
The whole world. No.
I had no question. Did you already have a job by
commissary? Yes, I did. With
Michael and the children. I had $416 million. I
knew it was going to be for children. How
did,
what role
did A&M play in helping you make those contacts?
Oh, let me tell you, I
didn't have to. I hardly had to interview. At that
point, they were so pleased with me. I know it was
just almost. I didn't hire any graduates. That's
not true of many other students. Look from the back
there. But I know many other people that had so many
friends in one of the tribes that didn't matter.
But it was almost, and I had worked for them a summer
prior to that. I think I mentioned that I had to be
part of the patrolling community curriculum. I
have to have one. How'd you
feel when you got that Aggie ring? Oh yeah, no, but I
mean when that time?
No way. I wear it off campus, you know, at home.
Yeah, OK. But it takes 100 and something hours,
because I had that. Most of the engineering
students had it at the, I think I had it at the end of
my junior year. I can't think of it. Was there any
kind of a ritual that you and your buddies did when
you first bought the ring?
Did you put it in any kind of a liquid? Oh, well, soul
dressing. Huh? Soul dressing. Soul dressing.
What, the soul dressing? You put on the soul
dressing. You put, you whacking it in with the soul
dressing. You take a flesh cloth and you wipe it
off. But you didn't put it in a pitcher of alcoholic
beverage?
No, no, I didn't. It wasn't that strong. Because
I've heard that some did. Oh, I can believe that.
And I've heard that a few even got it in their mouth
and almost swallowed it. Oh, my God. What has it
meant to wear that ring?
I think you
know the answer before I say it. I've never
gone anywhere without it. I certainly wouldn't go
anywhere. See, there are only a few schools today
that pay any attention to rings. The few Ivy
Leagues, the academies, and then a few other
separate land grants. Clemson, I think maybe
Auburn, but that's about it. And senior rings are
pretty well gone almost everywhere else.
Aggieland is one of a few. yearbook still going.
One of my friends up in Missouri, a fellow named
Don, oh yeah, a fellow named Don Walsworth, he's
the owner of an old family printing operation in a
teeny little town named Marceline. And a couple
years ago I ran into him, I said, hey Don, how's
business going? He said, I just got a contract for
the biggest yearbook in America going to print it.
And I said, well, how'd you get the A&M contract? He
said, how would you know? I said, well, it's just a
random guess when you said the biggest. Just a
random guess. And he was saying, oh, he said, not
only is it big in thickness, he said it's big in
number of copies. And I said, well, they're so
square and so old fashioned, they believe that
having a yearbook still is good. OK, now we're to
the real hot. What are the contributing factors
that make up Aggie spirit?
Where does
it come from? Where does it come from? All of what
I'm saying is that you have to explain it to
someone. And you have to guess whether or not you
have it coming on them. And there's problems under
there. I probably
ought to go a little bit different.
And
I guess when you see, as you mentioned, something
like Ed Davis and Clayton Williams, what I think
about that experience is that you go in to Clayton
Williams and get $2 million. He thinks just over
and over. He breaks out in tears. All right, were
there some events when you were a student that are
part of that?
Let's hear it. Well,
I
think, there again, I think, I think, uh, I think
some of the towns, uh, uh, muster the student
songs, uh, which are always absolutely
marvellous.
Oh,
okay.
I spoke
for about five minutes or so at a muster
that we had in France this year. I know you tripped
an ollie, but it was pretty cool. And before it was
over, we had a gal there that was helping with the
group. She was married to a Frenchman who was
living in France. She was a tear. And it's... It's a
pretty solid thing. And then we ended up, we called
out the names of several people very close to the
association like Bud Meyers and Juanita. They've
been the traitor for years and I think maybe one of
them.
I
don't know if I really answered your question. I
don't think I did. All right. But it's one that you
can't completely answer. And you're going to be
looking for an answer for it for always.
All right. The last question. What feelings do you
hold in your heart for a man? Let's see. I
wouldn't be where I am today without it.
Have it gone
somewhere else. I think the education, the
leadership. Mr. Berry?
The fact that you can still go back
on campus and it really hasn't changed that much,
even though it's huge. I think the main thing that
we want to do is try to keep it
so that we still have the same feeling. And so
it's...
underprivileged
people will still
be able to go there and get
the
same kind of education. It doesn't really matter
what the race is.
so much that it gives you. And it just keeps on
giving.
It's hard to really repay it or give back enough.
You want to quit with that? That's a great ending.
And I thank you, thank you, thank you.